microprofile-health-35 Provide different types of health check (#142)
eclipse/microprofile-health: spec/src/main/asciidoc/overview.adoc

In this scenario health checks are used to determine if a computing node needs to be discarded (terminated, shutdown) and eventually replaced by another (healthy) instance.

> The MP-HC architecture consists of two `/health/ready` and `/health/live` endpoint in a MicroProfile runtime that respectively represents the readiness and the status of the entire runtime.

Reviewer: the status ... -> the liveness status of the entire runtime correspondingly.

Reviewer 2: or replace "status" with "liveness"

Reviewer: yep. That will do.

Author: I also have to mention backward compatibility with `/health`

> The MP-HC architecture consists of two `/health/ready` and `/health/live` endpoints in a MicroProfile runtime that respectively represents the readiness and the liveness of the entire runtime.

Reviewer 3: represent

> For backward compatibility, a 3rd endpoint `/health` is also provided and provide the same information than `/health/live`.

Reviewer 4: I think this 3rd route is not just for backward compatibility. This 3rd route is still very important, and I think it justifies keeping the `@Health` annotation.

With appropriate MP Fault Tolerance fallbacks, I can have health checks that fail but my application should still be considered "live" so that it serve requests in a degraded state (in most cases, probably all instances are degraded).

This forces us to require all 3 types of checks: `@Health`, `@Liveness`, and `@Readiness`.

`@Readiness` are checks that keep my app out of rotation when they're failing.

`@Liveness` are checks that kill and restart my app when they're failing.

`@Health` are checks that indicate my app is operating in a degraded manner, but should remain live & ready. (That is, when these checks fail, my app should not be taken out of active rotation and should not be restarted, but my alerting should initiate manual or automated intervention.)

Therefore,
* `/health` should contain only `@Health` checks,
* `/health/ready` (or `/health/readiness`) should contain only `@Readiness` checks, and
* `/health/live` (or `/health/liveness`) should contain only `@Liveness` checks.

I originally thought all existing `@Health` checks were already `@Liveness` checks, but after more careful consideration, I'm pretty sure that that is a wrong assumption.

Reviewer 5: So you basically suggest to reclassify `/health` / `@Health` as custom checks with application-defined / environment-specific meaning? I think that's quite reasonable actually.

> For backward compatibility, a 3rd endpoint `/health` can also be used to provide a combination of previous endpoints.

Reviewer 3: plus `@Health` annotated health checks

These endpoints are expected to be associated with a configurable context, such as a web application deployment, that can be configured with settings such as port, virtual-host, security, etc.
Further, the MP-HC defines the notion of a procedure that represents the health of a particular
subcomponent of an application.

In an application, there can be zero or more procedures bound to a given health endpoint.

> The overall application health for a given endpoint is the logical AND of all of the procedure bound to it.

Reviewer 3: procedures (?)

> The current version of the MP-HC specification does not define how the `/health/live` endpoint may be partitioned in the event

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The current version of the MP-HC specification does not define how the defined endpoints may be partitioned in the event
```

that the MicroProfile runtime supports deployment of multiple applications. If an implementation wishes to
support multiple applications within a MicroProfile runtime, the semantics of the `/health/live` endpoint are
expected to be the logical AND of all the application in the runtime. The exact details of this are deferred to

> a future version of the MP-HC specification.

Reviewer: +1 on @derekm ! Please update MP-HC to MicroProfile Health Check

> a future version of the MP-HC specification.

Author: done

> support multiple applications within a MicroProfile runtime, the semantics of the `/health/live` endpoint are

Reviewer 5: Same applies for `/ready`, right?

> support multiple applications within a MicroProfile runtime, the semantics of the `/health/live` and `/health/ready` endpoints are

Reviewer 3: maybe we should say here rather "individual endpoints". Even for the /health endpoint this property should be preserved.

In this scenario health checks are used to determine if a computing node needs to be discarded (terminated, shutdown) and eventually replaced by another (healthy) instance.

The MP-HC architecture consists of two `/health/ready` and `/health/live` endpoints in a MicroProfile runtime that respectively represent the readiness and the liveness of the entire runtime.
These endpoints are linked to Health Check procedures defined with specifications API and annotated respectively with `@Liveness` and `@Readiness` annotations.

For backward compatibility, a 3rd endpoint `/health` may also be used to provide a combination of previous endpoints and Health Check procedures annotated with the deprecated `@Health` annotation.

These endpoints are expected to be associated with a configurable context, such as a web application deployment, that can be configured with settings such as port, virtual-host, security, etc.
Further, the MP-HC defines the notion of a procedure that represents the health of a particular

> subcomponent of an application.

Reviewer: This phrase does not make sense.

Author: it does with line 33
